Mama her mother's not here to answer her
cries there's no parent to comfort her
through this painful
ordeal child after child rescued from
beneath the rubble don't know where
their parents are left shocked by seeing
their blood and that of others they may
survive but the trauma will haunt them
for the rest of their
lives what's your name the medic
asks what's the name of your
father where's your
house
even in terrifying Times Like These the
Medics ask patiently and gently it's
probably the only comfort children like
Malik will have for some
time I am like any woman in the world I
want security and peace I'm a civilian I
have nothing to do with anything we have
seen the worst part of the war they
bombarded our street they shelled our
next door neighbors and targeted the
water tanks it is the miracle of all
miracles for us to stay alive
we have escaped certain
death Mal is reunited with her
father all of a sudden a nearby building
was bombarded and two of us were killed
no one in the world can force us to
leave Gaza we'll stay in Gaza and our
children will stay in Gaza we are
civilian and defenseless but they H us
with aial bombs and they destroyed the
whole area where is the entire world
where is this European Union where is
the United
Nations even as he says no can force
them to leave Gaza there's a constant
hum of Israeli drones overhead circling
looking for new targets as the dead lay
on the
floor more than 10,000 Palestinians have
been killed so far the strikes continued
overnight into the morning on Tuesday
when Khan Yunis was hit some people
killed and search is underway for others
trapped under the rubble yet
Palestinians are determined and say they
will live through this but they're not
sure what will be left of Gaza B Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz